# UserinfoResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Birthdate** | **string** | End-User&#39;s birthday, represented as an ISO 8601:2004 [ISO8601‑2004] YYYY-MM-DD format. The year MAY be 0000, indicating that it is omitted. To represent only the year, YYYY format is allowed. Note that depending on the underlying platform&#39;s date related function, providing just year can result in varying month and day, so the implementers need to take this factor into account to correctly process the dates. | [optional] [default to null]
**Email** | **string** | End-User&#39;s preferred e-mail address. Its value MUST conform to the RFC 5322 [RFC5322] addr-spec syntax. The RP MUST NOT rely upon this value being unique, as discussed in Section 5.7. | [optional] [default to null]
**EmailVerified** | **bool** | True if the End-User&#39;s e-mail address has been verified; otherwise false. When this Claim Value is true, this means that the OP took affirmative steps to ensure that this e-mail address was controlled by the End-User at the time the verification was performed. The means by which an e-mail address is verified is context-specific, and dependent upon the trust framework or contractual agreements within which the parties are operating. | [optional] [default to null]
**FamilyName** | **string** | Surname(s) or last name(s) of the End-User. Note that in some cultures, people can have multiple family names or no family name; all can be present, with the names being separated by space characters. | [optional] [default to null]
**Gender** | **string** | End-User&#39;s gender. Values defined by this specification are female and male. Other values MAY be used when neither of the defined values are applicable. | [optional] [default to null]
**GivenName** | **string** | Given name(s) or first name(s) of the End-User. Note that in some cultures, people can have multiple given names; all can be present, with the names being separated by space characters. | [optional] [default to null]
**Locale** | **string** | End-User&#39;s locale, represented as a BCP47 [RFC5646] language tag. This is typically an ISO 639-1 Alpha-2 [ISO639‑1] language code in lowercase and an ISO 3166-1 Alpha-2 [ISO3166‑1] country code in uppercase, separated by a dash. For example, en-US or fr-CA. As a compatibility note, some implementations have used an underscore as the separator rather than a dash, for example, en_US; Relying Parties MAY choose to accept this locale syntax as well. | [optional] [default to null]
**MiddleName** | **string** | Middle name(s) of the End-User. Note that in some cultures, people can have multiple middle names; all can be present, with the names being separated by space characters. Also note that in some cultures, middle names are not used. | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | End-User&#39;s full name in displayable form including all name parts, possibly including titles and suffixes, ordered according to the End-User&#39;s locale and preferences. | [optional] [default to null]
**Nickname** | **string** | Casual name of the End-User that may or may not be the same as the given_name. For instance, a nickname value of Mike might be returned alongside a given_name value of Michael. | [optional] [default to null]
**PhoneNumber** | **string** | End-User&#39;s preferred telephone number. E.164 [E.164] is RECOMMENDED as the format of this Claim, for example, +1 (425) 555-1212 or +56 (2) 687 2400. If the phone number contains an extension, it is RECOMMENDED that the extension be represented using the RFC 3966 [RFC3966] extension syntax, for example, +1 (604) 555-1234;ext&#x3D;5678. | [optional] [default to null]
**PhoneNumberVerified** | **bool** | True if the End-User&#39;s phone number has been verified; otherwise false. When this Claim Value is true, this means that the OP took affirmative steps to ensure that this phone number was controlled by the End-User at the time the verification was performed. The means by which a phone number is verified is context-specific, and dependent upon the trust framework or contractual agreements within which the parties are operating. When true, the phone_number Claim MUST be in E.164 format and any extensions MUST be represented in RFC 3966 format. | [optional] [default to null]
**Picture** | **string** | URL of the End-User&#39;s profile picture. This URL MUST refer to an image file (for example, a PNG, JPEG, or GIF image file), rather than to a Web page containing an image. Note that this URL SHOULD specifically reference a profile photo of the End-User suitable for displaying when describing the End-User, rather than an arbitrary photo taken by the End-User. | [optional] [default to null]
**PreferredUsername** | **string** | Non-unique shorthand name by which the End-User wishes to be referred to at the RP, such as janedoe or j.doe. This value MAY be any valid JSON string including special characters such as @, /, or whitespace. | [optional] [default to null]
**Profile** | **string** | URL of the End-User&#39;s profile page. The contents of this Web page SHOULD be about the End-User. | [optional] [default to null]
**Sub** | **string** | Subject - Identifier for the End-User at the IssuerURL. | [optional] [default to null]
**UpdatedAt** | **int64** | Time the End-User&#39;s information was last updated. Its value is a JSON number representing the number of seconds from 1970-01-01T0:0:0Z as measured in UTC until the date/time. | [optional] [default to null]
**Website** | **string** | URL of the End-User&#39;s Web page or blog. This Web page SHOULD contain information published by the End-User or an organization that the End-User is affiliated with. | [optional] [default to null]
**Zoneinfo** | **string** | String from zoneinfo [zoneinfo] time zone database representing the End-User&#39;s time zone. For example, Europe/Paris or America/Los_Angeles. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


